README.md, before:

Hi, I am Sébastien Rombauts, or [SRombauts on Github](https://github.com/SRombauts).
I am a Senior C++ developer.

See also my [developer blog](http://srombauts.fr),
or follow me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/SRombauts).

Here are my main GitHub repositories:

- [SQLiteC++](http://srombauts.github.com/SQLiteCpp) ([repo](https://github.com/SRombauts/SQLiteCpp/)): a smart an easy to use C++ wrapper to the SQLite3 library
- [UE4 Git Plugin](http://srombauts.github.com/UE4GitPlugin) ([repo](https://github.com/SRombauts/UE4GitPlugin/)): the Unreal Engine 4 Git Source Control Provider Plugin.
- [UE4 Plastic SCM Plugin](http://srombauts.github.com/UE4PlasticPlugin) ([repo](https://github.com/SRombauts/UE4PlasticPlugin/)): the Unreal Engine 4 Plastic SCM Source Control Provider Plugin.
- [UE4 Procedural Mesh](https://github.com/SRombauts/UE4ProceduralMesh): using the Unreal Engine 4 UProceduralMeshComponent.
- [UE4 Quick Start](https://github.com/SRombauts/UE4QuickStart): a mix of various Unreal Engine 4 C++ Tutorials.
- [LoggerC++](http://srombauts.github.com/LoggerCpp) ([repo](https://github.com/SRombauts/LoggerCpp/)): a simple, elegant and efficient C++ logger library.
- [shared_ptr](http://srombauts.github.com/shared_ptr) ([repo](https://github.com/SRombauts/shared_ptr/)): a minimal light and fast shared_ptr implementation designed to handle cases where boost/std::shared_ptr are not available

Copyright (c) 2012-2017 Sébastien Rombauts (sebastien.rombauts@gmail.com)
<a href="https://www.paypal.me/SRombauts" title="Pay Me a Beer! Donate with PayPal :)"><img src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/webstatic/paypalme/images/pp_logo_small.png" width="118"></a>

Commit message:

Add a link to my UE4 Architecture Vis demo using live HTML5 & WebAssembly

README.md, after:

Hi, I am Sébastien Rombauts, or [SRombauts on Github](https://github.com/SRombauts).
I am a Senior C++ developer.

See also my [developer blog](http://srombauts.fr),
or follow me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/SRombauts).

Here are my main GitHub repositories:

- [SQLiteC++](http://srombauts.github.com/SQLiteCpp) ([repo](https://github.com/SRombauts/SQLiteCpp/)): a smart an easy to use C++ wrapper to the SQLite3 library
- [UE4 Git Plugin](http://srombauts.github.com/UE4GitPlugin) ([repo](https://github.com/SRombauts/UE4GitPlugin/)): the Unreal Engine 4 Git Source Control Provider Plugin.
- [UE4 Plastic SCM Plugin](http://srombauts.github.com/UE4PlasticPlugin) ([repo](https://github.com/SRombauts/UE4PlasticPlugin/)): the Unreal Engine 4 Plastic SCM Source Control Provider Plugin.
- [UE4 Architecture Vis](http://srombauts.github.com/UE4ArchVisDemo) ([repo](https://github.com/SRombauts/UE4ArchVisDemo)): run a live demo in the browser using HTML5.
- [UE4 Procedural Mesh](https://github.com/SRombauts/UE4ProceduralMesh): using the Unreal Engine 4 UProceduralMeshComponent.
- [UE4 Quick Start](https://github.com/SRombauts/UE4QuickStart): a mix of various Unreal Engine 4 C++ Tutorials.
- [LoggerC++](http://srombauts.github.com/LoggerCpp) ([repo](https://github.com/SRombauts/LoggerCpp/)): a simple, elegant and efficient C++ logger library.
- [shared_ptr](http://srombauts.github.com/shared_ptr) ([repo](https://github.com/SRombauts/shared_ptr/)): a minimal light and fast shared_ptr implementation designed to handle cases where boost/std::shared_ptr are not available

Copyright (c) 2012-2017 Sébastien Rombauts (sebastien.rombauts@gmail.com)
<a href="https://www.paypal.me/SRombauts" title="Pay Me a Beer! Donate with PayPal :)"><img src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/webstatic/paypalme/images/pp_logo_small.png" width="118"></a>
